Short bone shape
It's the child's leg bones that are good
But it's not easy to put it in the same place
How could it be found scattered all over the place?
Is it some kind of ceremony?
Are there any other bones?
Did you say that Song Xun is dead?
No, hurry up.
It's him, it's them, they've been chasing me
I didn't expect it to be the ghost of them
I have to take them easy today
I have a way to deal with them
Second Master, are you sure they are all dead?
This temple is so big, this door can only be opened from the outside
They can't get away
Go search for me
Be sure to put Song Xu
I got that miraculous book of joy and injustice
Song Learning
I know you're reading in there
For the sake of everyone being fellow countrymen
I'll definitely start lightly
Come out, Song Xue
Song Xuan
I can't find it, can't I find it? Is there anything you look good on?
Why don't you go outside and take a look?
I'll look inside.
Hahahahaha
Xi Yuanlu, Xi Yuanlu, you are still in my hands
Now all the treasures are mine, hahaha.